# Mobile Web Specialist Certification Course
---
#### _Three Stage Course Material Project - Restaurant Reviews_

## Project Overview:

For the **Restaurant Reviews** projects, a static webpage has been converted to a mobile-ready web application. It has been made responsive on different sized displays and accessible for screen reader use. A service worker has been added to create a seamless offline experience for the users.

## Getting a MapBox API key

 Opened a MapBox account, and go ahead to create one MapBox API.

## Getting Map on screen:

This repository uses [leafletjs](https://leafletjs.com/) with [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/). `<your MAPBOX API KEY HERE>` has been replaced with a token from [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) both in main.js (line 81) and restaurant_info.js (line 25). 

## Converting the provided site to use a responsive design
 i. All responsiveness was done with CSS (Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks wasn't use).
 ii. Appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags was put Where they should be added and these tags are in the index.html and restaurant.html files between the opening and closing head tag.
 iii. Styles.css has been fixed to make things more dynamic Hint: using a % value where necessary from using a strict px value.
 iv. Also Created a responsive grid-based layout using CSS. 
 v. Using media queries to provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
 vi. Using responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device.

## Implement accessibility features in the site HTML
 i. Using attributes like tabindex to indicate if (or where) an element sits in keyboard navigation order (e.g., by pressing the Tab key on the keyboard). It also determines what will be your first element Your next, also aria.
 ii. Most of the HTML is generated by JavaScript functions (e.g., restaurant item HTML). Therefore I used JavaScript directly to create a tab index for each element desired also aria label.
 iii. Necessary attributes are added to make it semantics.
 iv. Both the main page and restaurant detail page are accessible to users.

## Adding a ServiceWorker script
 i. To cache requests to all of the site’s assets (so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline).
 ii. Main.js and Restaurant_info.js files are needed to register a service worker. And have sw.js file ready to handle the service worker.
 iii. A service worker is properly registered, also created install and activate event to listened and fetch event to response.

### To make the webpage comes up

`python3 -m http.server 8000` is in use. With or without server running, visit the site:`http://localhost:8000` to access restaurant reviews app.The webpage can now work offline.

### Note about ES6

Most of the code in this project has been written to the ES6 JavaScript specification for compatibility with modern web browsers and future proofing JavaScript code.  



